Now we're getting to some more fun, advanced stuff.
In this section, we're going to focus on some recent
features in the last few years of Docker.
Specifically multistage builds and BuildKit.
Two exciting things that can make it way
easier, more flexible, faster, and a
whole bunch of other stuff, all inside your Docker Node
images. As a part of this, you're going to be doing an
assignment to build a multistage Dockerfile,
which is a pretty cool thing once you understand how to do
it. How do we do that specifically in Node for the most
efficient way possible to make images
that are flexible enough for production and dev, all in
the same Dockerfile.
But, that's not all. I'm throwing in some extra stuff
in here around BuildKit, which is brand new
to the Docker ecosystem, and now a full feature
coming out-of-the-boxthe Docker Engine.
That's going to allow you to do some really neat things,
like throw in your SSH keys during build so you can get
private repos.
Then you could also throw in a caching feature so that your
npm installs cache between builds.